Notes/NOTES.md, before:

# Notes

## Additional Reference and Examples

### MVVM

1. [Flip clock implementation in SwiftUI](https://github.com/elpassion/FlipClock-SwiftUI) by [EL Passion](https://www.elpassion.com/)

![Flip clock](Flipclock_file_structure.png)


### Apple Pay

1. [Guide by Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/ApplePay_Guide/)

2. [List of Payment service providers](https://developer.apple.com/apple-pay/payment-platforms/)

![Liist of Payment service providers by Apple as on Oct 7, 2020](apple-pay-payment-service-providers.jpg)

3. [Enable Apple Pay by Square payment provider](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/in-app-payments-sdk/add-digital-wallets/apple-pay)

4. [Apple Pay Tutorial @ raywenderlich.com](https://www.raywenderlich.com/2113-apple-pay-tutorial-getting-started)

5. Article on medium.com [Working With Apple Pay](https://medium.com/@aliakhtar_16369/working-with-apple-pay-27632ee23482) by [Ali Akhtar](https://medium.com/@aliakhtar_16369)
    

### Tutorials

1. Example from hackingwithswift to create project from start. [SwiftUI tutorial: Building a complete project](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/swiftui-tutorial-building-a-complete-project) by [Paul Hudson](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/about)


### Libraries

1. Screen Recorder in app - Wyler - Output as a video file. It is using ReplayKit with iOS 11 SDK methods.

    * [Blog link](https://medium.com/flawless-app-stories/wyler-screen-recording-made-easy-on-ios-b6451511a715)

    * [Github link](https://github.com/toupper/Wyler)


### Stackoverflow

1. [SwiftUI - Button - How to pass a function request to parent](https://stackoverflow.com/a/59861463/2641380) - how to pass a closure to your child view which then calls a function of the parent.


-- End --

Commit message:

Playingcard set images added for Sanjay Animation Experiments

Notes/NOTES.md, after:

# Notes

## Additional Reference and Examples

### MVVM

1. [Flip clock implementation in SwiftUI](https://github.com/elpassion/FlipClock-SwiftUI) by [EL Passion](https://www.elpassion.com/)

![Flip clock](Flipclock_file_structure.png)


### Apple Pay

1. [Guide by Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/ApplePay_Guide/)

2. [List of Payment service providers](https://developer.apple.com/apple-pay/payment-platforms/)

![Liist of Payment service providers by Apple as on Oct 7, 2020](apple-pay-payment-service-providers.jpg)

3. [Enable Apple Pay by Square payment provider](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/in-app-payments-sdk/add-digital-wallets/apple-pay)

4. [Apple Pay Tutorial @ raywenderlich.com](https://www.raywenderlich.com/2113-apple-pay-tutorial-getting-started)

5. Article on medium.com [Working With Apple Pay](https://medium.com/@aliakhtar_16369/working-with-apple-pay-27632ee23482) by [Ali Akhtar](https://medium.com/@aliakhtar_16369)
    

### Tutorials

1. Example from hackingwithswift to create project from start. [SwiftUI tutorial: Building a complete project](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/swiftui-tutorial-building-a-complete-project) by [Paul Hudson](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/about)


### Libraries

1. Screen Recorder in app - Wyler - Output as a video file. It is using ReplayKit with iOS 11 SDK methods.

    * [Blog link](https://medium.com/flawless-app-stories/wyler-screen-recording-made-easy-on-ios-b6451511a715)

    * [Github link](https://github.com/toupper/Wyler)


### Stackoverflow

1. [SwiftUI - Button - How to pass a function request to parent](https://stackoverflow.com/a/59861463/2641380) - how to pass a closure to your child view which then calls a function of the parent.


### Resources

1. [The Atlasnye playing cards deck laid out, in SVG vector format. The picture card images are based on A.I.Charlemagne's original sketches (which are in the public domain themselves due to old age)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Atlasnye_playing_cards_deck.svg)

-- End --
